So I'm here inside is and I don't want to start with the map object and the map basically is a collection
which maps key value pairs.
So if you store objects in a map and you assign it a key a unique key for which you can identify it
and which you can retrieve it and manage it.
So I'll start by creating some objects I want to store and therefore I'm going to go with the poker
theme here.
So I'm going to treat a card an ace card with a name which is a soap's spades.
And I'm just going to quickly duplicate those two all two of them and create the card which should be
the king of clubs.
I'd say the king of clubs here.
So I got my two cards and now I want to store them in a poker deck and see.
And the deck will be a map actually.
So I'm going to create a new deck here which is just in your map and map a new object which was introduced
with iOS 6 of course.
And then I can simply add an item by accessing my map and using essent method which allows me to well
set a new key value pair.
Now I'm not pushing it because I'm not appending it at the end remember each key is unique there friends
setting key value pairs.
I'm not adding them.
And if I'd set a key value pair of which the key already is in use then I'm just overwriting it.
So here of course I'm introducing some new key value pairs and I'm giving it a key of A S for the ace
card.
And then I'm just going to add another one or a set an average key value pair and go get an image keys
Casey for king of clubs of course.
And I sign my king card here.
So now I stored two objects here in my set and I assigned those keys but which I can retrieve them by
the way and that's a way to create such a set would have been to pass a nested array here to the constructor
.
So an array.
And then inside this array a number every word the first element is the key and the second element would
be the value you want to assign to that key.
And if you want to assign multiple key value pair as well.
And you just have multiple areas within the hour every all the time with key and value as elements.
So that would have been the alternative of creating this map.
But I'm going to go with this way.
Which of course is a bit longer but also very explicit.
And then the question is What can you do with that map.
How can you get the ball to use.
How can you Duleep them and so on.